the Oversight Board
: a decision about your content or a decision about content by others that you’ve reported.
If you don’t think that your content should have been taken down and you want to appeal to the Oversight Board, you must first go through the
request a review process
.
If you
reported content from others
that wasn't taken down and you want to appeal to the Oversight Board to have the content removed, you must first go through the request a review process.
Before you can appeal Instagram's content decision to the Oversight Board, you must first
request a review of your content
or
the content you reported
. If we’ve reviewed your content or the content you reported twice and you still disagree with our decision, you may be eligible to appeal that decision to the Oversight Board. Keep in mind that not all content and content decisions will be eligible for appeal, but we’re adding more options.
Appeal a decision Instagram made about your content:
Appeal a decision Instagram made about content you reported:
Once you submit the appeal, the Oversight Board will decide whether or not to review it. The board only selects a certain number of eligible appeals to review, so they may not choose yours.
At any point following the submission of your appeal, you’ll be able to check the appeal status by logging on to the Oversight Board’s website using your reference number. Keep in mind that you have 15 days from when the decision was made to appeal to the Oversight Board. After 15 days, the window to appeal a decision has expired and you'll no longer be able to submit it.
Read more about the board’s bylaws and structure
, or
learn about them in the Newsroom
.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Related Articles
How to appeal the removal of content on Instagram or Threads for trademark reasons
How to appeal the removal of content on Instagram or Threads for copyright reasons
About Meta's Oversight Board
How to Appeal a Disabled Instagram Account in Colombia
What to do if Instagram didn't remove content you reported
Related Articles
How to appeal the removal of content on Instagram or Threads for trademark reasons
How to appeal the removal of content on Instagram or Threads for copyright reasons
About Meta's Oversight Board
How to Appeal a Disabled Instagram Account in Colombia
What to do if Instagram didn't remove content you reported
About Us
API
Jobs
Terms
Privacy
© 2026 Meta
Feedback
Meta AI support assistant
How do I report a post, reel, story or profile on Instagram?
How do I reset my password on Instagram?
What info can I see about someone's Instagram account?
By using this service, you agree to Meta's
AI terms
. Your interactions with AIs will be used to improve
AI at Meta
.
Ask a question...