Facebook
Terms and Policies
Policies
Commerce
Back to Terms and Policies
BUSINESS
Commerce
Overview
Steps to Take if Disapproved
Prohibited Content
Restricted Content
Overview
Commerce content refers to any attempt to buy, sell, or trade products - even for free - on Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, or Messenger services designed for commerce – including, but not limited to,
Facebook Marketplace
,
Shops on Facebook and Instagram
, and
WhatsApp Business Catalog
. Products sold or offered for sale, or traded or offered for trade, on these services or features must comply with our Commerce Policies. Additionally, commerce content on Facebook and Messenger, and commerce content on Instagram must comply respectively with Facebook's
Community Standards
and Instagram's
Community Guidelines
. Commerce content on WhatsApp must comply with the
Policy for WhatsApp Commerce Features
. Buyers, sellers, and traders are also responsible for complying with
other terms and policies
that apply to the use of our products, and all applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with our policies or the law may result in a variety of consequences, including, but not limited to, rejection or removal of listings and other content, rejection or removal of product tags, or suspension or termination of access to any or all Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, or Messenger commerce services or features. If you repeatedly post commerce content that violates our policies, we may take additional action on your account.
Facebook Marketplace is intended for consumer-to-consumer sales. Businesses and individuals acting in a business or commercial capacity in the European Economic Area (EEA), Philippines and India, may be subject to restrictions, including suspension of access to Marketplace and/or removal of their Marketplace listings if they attempt to sell on Marketplace.
Steps to Take if Disapproved
Appeal the Decision
If your commerce content has been rejected or removed for violating our Commerce Policies and you feel it was a mistake, you can request a review by following these steps for
Marketplace
, or these steps for products in your
Catalog
(availabe on Instagram, Facebook, Messenger and WhatsApp Business), and we'll take another look.
Prohibited Content
Community Standards
Commerce content must not violate our
Community Standards
.
Adult Content and Sexually Positioned Products
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of adult products and may not position products in a sexually suggestive manner.
Alcohol
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of alcohol.
Body Parts and Fluids
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of human body parts or fluids.
Digital Media and Electronic Devices
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of devices that facilitate or encourage streaming digital content in an unauthorized manner or interfering with the functionality of electronic devices.
Discrimination
Commerce content and commerce Messenger threads must not wrongfully discriminate or suggest a preference for or against people because of a personal characteristic, included but not limited to, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, citizenship, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family status, marital status, disability, or medical or genetic condition. Commerce content must comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination. This includes but is not limited to discrimination for housing listings.
Documents, Currency, and Financial Instruments
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of real or fake documents, currency, financial instruments or virtual currency.
Gambling
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling or facilitation of gambling for money or anything else of value, including digital currencies. Gambling includes gaming, betting, lotteries, raffles, casinos, fantasy sports, bingo, poker and sweepstakes.
Hazardous Goods and Materials
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of hazardous materials and substances.
Human Exploitation and Sexual Services
Commerce content may not promote any form of human trafficking, prostitution, escort or sexual services.
Jobs
Commerce content may not promote job opportunities.
Land, Animals, and Animal Products
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of animals or animal parts, or land in ecological conservation areas.
Medical and Healthcare Products
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of medical and healthcare products and services, including medical devices or ingestible supplements.
Misleading, Violent, or Hateful
Commerce content may not contain misleading, violent or hateful products and offers.
No Item for Sale
Commerce content may not promote news, humor or other content that does not offer any product for sale.
Prescription Products, Drugs, and Drug Paraphernalia
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of drugs, drug paraphernalia or prescription products.
Recalled Products
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of recalled or banned products.
Stolen Goods
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of items that have been stolen or otherwise acquired unlawfully or without authorization.
Subscriptions and Digital Products
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of downloadable digital content, digital subscriptions or digital accounts.
Third-Party Infringement
Commerce content may not infringe upon or violate the intellectual property rights of any third party, including any
copyright
or
trademark
. This includes, but is not limited to, the promotion or sale of, or any services or devices that facilitate the distribution of, unauthorized copies of, software, music, movies, TV shows, broadcasts, books, images and other media, or the promotion or sale of counterfeits, such as goods that copy the trademark (name or logo) and/or distinctive features of another company's products so as to imitate the genuine product.
Tobacco Products and Related
Paraphernalia
Commerce content may not promote the buying, or selling, or trading of tobacco products or tobacco paraphernalia.
Used Cosmetics
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of cosmetics that have been used, or that are not sold in their original packaging.
Vehicle Parts and Accessories
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of certain vehicle parts and accessories.
Weapons, Ammunition, and Explosives
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of weapons, ammunition and explosives.
Restricted Content
Event Tickets
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of event tickets, except by approved sellers.
Gift Cards and Vouchers
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of gift cards or vouchers, except by approved sellers.
Pet Adoption Matching Services
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of pet adoption matching services, except by approved sellers.
Services
Commerce content may not promote the buying, selling, or trading of services, except on the
WhatsApp Business
app or through
Appointments in Facebook or Instagram
.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Notice
Community Standards
More Policies