If you encounter suspect behavior in violation of our
community guidelines
, you can report a user (buyer or seller) either directly in-live or by contacting
trustandsafety@whatnot.com
. All reports are anonymous.
Where to Report a User
During a Livestream
:
Tap on the user's username, buyer or live seller, and then select
“Report”
. From this menu, you’ll be guided through prompts to describe the issue.
Reporting a live seller:
From the livestream show, click on a seller's username at the top left side of your device screen. From there, you should see a menu of options; click on 'Report' menu option which will prompt you for details about the incident.
Reporting a user in-live chat:
You can also report a viewer/commenter in the chat but clicking on a username--you should see a menu of options; click on 'Report' menu option which will prompt you for details about the incident.
In Direct Messages (DMs)
:
Tap the
“...”
(More Options) button in the upper right corner of the conversation to report the user.
On a Product Listing:
You can
report a seller
from a livestream
listing
by:
Clicking on the seller's 'Shop' icon > Click product listing > Click '
Report Listing'
Clicking on pinned item > Click '
Report Listing'
On User's Profile: Only available on Android and Web
Tap the “...” (More Options) button in the upper right corner of their user profile to report the user. Answer prompt questions as directed.
When in doubt, please send an email to
trustandsafety@whatnot.com
with the username of the reported user and details of the observed behavior. As a reminder, all reports remain anonymous.
How Whatnot evaluates user reports
Once a report is received, Whatnot’s Trust & Safety team investigates the facts, analyzes relevant history and data, and reviews livestreams to gather evidence of potential violations. During an ongoing investigation, Whatnot may temporarily suspend the reported user’s access to features, including their ability to go live. Whatnot cannot disclose the outcome of individual investigations for privacy reasons.
In addition to responding to reports, the Trust and Safety team also launches investigations proactively based on data analysis and other reports from the community. We regularly monitor seller and buyer data to understand patterns and habitual abuse of our policies. If we detect a pattern with evidence, we will take action against the user.