YouTube Policies Crafted for Openness - How YouTube Works
Jump to content
How YouTube Works
AI
Copyright
Creator Economy
Elections
Kids & Teens
Learning
News
Privacy
Recommendations
Our Policies
Impact Reports
Transparency Reports
Our Policies
YouTube’s mission is to give everyone a voice and show them the
world — and openness and free expression are at the heart of
this. Our platform is a place where a broad range of
perspectives are encouraged, and we don’t shy away from
disagreement and debate.
jump to a section
How our guidelines work
How we support creators
Combating abuse
jump to a section
Our Policies
How our guidelines work
How we support creators
Combating abuse
How Community & Ad-Friendly Guidelines work
Our policies help us maintain a responsible business that
viewers, creators, and advertisers can rely on in order to
continue to thrive on YouTube.
As with any system, we sometimes make mistakes. That’s why
appeals
are an important part of our processes. Creators are notified
when their videos are removed due to policy violations or when
they may be suspended from YPP, and can appeal if they disagree
with our decision.
Our
Community Guidelines
and
Advertiser-Friendly Content Guidelines
are what enable us to strike this balance.
Community Guidelines
Content that violates our community guidelines is flagged by a
mix of
automated detection and human reporting
— most
is automatically detected — and we go to great lengths to make
sure violative content isn’t widely viewed, or even viewed at
all, before it’s taken down.
Exceptions can be made when content has a clear educational,
documentary, scientific, or artistic
(EDSA)
context.
Advertiser-Friendly Content Guidelines
Brands rely on us to protect their business interests when
they’re advertising on YouTube.
To help support this, we have a set of Ad-Friendly guidelines
creators in the
YouTube Partner Program (YPP)
need to follow in order to have Ads served on their channel
content and earn a share of the revenue.
How we support creators
Since 2007, we’ve been paying eligible creators every month
through our revenue-sharing model, the
YouTube Partner Program
.
For a creator to be eligible for YPP, they must meet a higher
bar for what they share on YouTube. Creators have to follow
YouTube monetization policies
and we review each applicant’s channel before admitting them
to YPP. We also demonetize videos that violate our Advertiser
Friendly Guidelines, and suspend creators from YPP for repeat
offenses. With this model, creators have a long-term incentive
to reinforce YouTube’s safety and follow our policies.
We also provide Creators with an array of tools to manage their
content & communities:
Manage Experiences
Channel Guidelines help creators set what kind of
conversations they want to have on their channel.
Creators can hold potentially inappropriate comments for
review, hide certain individuals, block words, assign
moderation privileges, and more.
How to set channel guidelines
Channel Management
We provide creators with an array of products that help them
decide how to manage their channels.
How to manage posts and comments
Privacy & Safety Resources
The privacy and safety of creators on YouTube is important
to us, and we provide a range of tools & resources to
support them.
How to use privacy and safety tools
How YouTube Partners with Industry Experts to Combat Abuse
Content that’s meant to praise, promote, or aid violent
extremist or criminal organizations is not allowed on YouTube.
We rely on many factors — like certain government and
international organization designations — to determine what
constitutes criminal or terrorist organizations.
We’re also a founding member of the Global Internet Forum to
Counter Terrorism
(GIFCT)
, where we work with other tech companies to keep terrorist
content off the web — and provide training and other resources
to smaller companies facing similar challenges.
Explore more
New tools to protect creators and artists
How we're helping creators disclose altered or synthetic
content
Testing new ways to offer viewers more context and information
on videos