At Whatnot we’re always working to keep the platform a fun and trustworthy place to buy, sell, and participate in social communities. In our view, you can’t have fun without trust – whether that’s trust you’ll receive the product you buy, trust you’ll receive payment for the product you sell, or trust to engage with other users safely.
We’ve developed these policies to protect and foster this trust, based on feedback from our community, reports received, and the specific considerations of Whatnot as a livestream shopping platform. As Whatnot evolves, these policies will change and adapt too.
When a user violates these policies, we take proportional action based on that user’s previous violations, and the severity of the violation. In some cases this means removing access to Whatnot features, while in others it means more severe account penalties. In most circumstances, we warn users and send educational messaging before penalizing their account. For more on how we enforce users, check out
What Actions We Take
.
Whatnot’s Community Guidelines are organized into the following sections:
Seller Performance
: This section addresses sellers’ shipping, fulfillment, customer service performance, and seller rating.
Community Policies
: This section addresses all users’ activity on the platform, including seller-specific policies, wider user activity, and feature-specific policies.
Selling Policies
User Activity Policies
Feature Abuse Policies
Seller Performance
If you’re a seller on Whatnot, our primary goal for you is to help you grow your business — whether it’s your full-time passion, a burgeoning side hustle, or an occasional hobby. We have seller performance requirements to maintain a high-quality buyer experience on Whatnot. These requirements are designed to help you run your business quickly and efficiently, and to help you build a following by keeping your buyers satisfied.
Shipping requirements
To maintain a positive buyer experience, we require that sellers ship items within two business days of the sale. Please carefully package your items to ensure they arrive safely and on time. There are a few instances where you may have extenuating circumstances, or an item you are selling may exceed our shipping drop-off guidelines due to the nature of the item, such as customized goods (e.g., art pieces). In these cases, please email trustandsafety@whatnot.com, detailing why the shipment of these items may be delayed. When listing the item, indicate that the item is customized in the product description.
Given the special nature of shipping plants, they are subject to different shipping timelines. Please see the
Plant Shipping Guidelines
for more information on shipping plants.
Fulfillment, cancellations, and refunds
We want all buyers to trust that sellers will ship items sold on Whatnot, and that any order issues will be resolved quickly to ensure a positive buyer experience. To maintain this trust, we issue warnings, and eventually more severe account penalties, to sellers who do not fulfill orders, cancel a high rate of orders, or have a high rate of refunds.
Customer Service Responses and Refunds
To enhance buyer confidence, and to resolve issues quickly, we require all sellers using Customer Service to respond to their refund requests within two business days. Sellers using Customer Service are required to issue refunds to their buyers in accordance with Whatnot’s
Buyer Protection Policy
.
We issue warnings and, eventually, account penalties when sellers have a high rate of delayed replies to refund requests, or where sellers have a high rate of refund requests that have been overturned by Whatnot for not following Whatnot’s
Buyer Protection Policy
.
Seller ratings
Seller ratings are a signal that buyers are experiencing issues with a seller. While low ratings sometimes happen, sellers with exceptionally low seller ratings will receive warnings and, eventually, more severe account penalties. We recommend reviewing feedback from your buyers to address any negative reviews or low ratings you receive.
Community Policies
Every user on the platform plays a part in making the Whatnot community what it is. Whether buying, selling, or viewing, all users deserve an enjoyable and safe experience that is free of untrustworthy or disruptive content and conduct. In this Community Policies section, we have set out
Selling Policies
addressing what sellers can sell, and how to sell
User Activity Policies
addressing the conduct of all users on Whatnot to maintain a positive community experience
Feature Abuse Policies
addressing how users use Whatnot’s features.
Selling policies
In addition to our Seller Performance requirements above, we have some seller-specific policies covering what you can sell, how you can sell, and live-selling requirements.
Prohibited and restricted items
While we encourage Whatnot sellers to offer a diversity of items on the platform, there are some items that Whatnot cannot support at this time, or that have to follow certain requirements to be sold on Whatnot. See our
Prohibited & Restricted Items Policy
to understand what you can and can’t sell on Whatnot.
Counterfeit items and intellectual property
Respecting the intellectual property of others is important to maintain a fair and creative environment. You may not sell any form of counterfeit item on Whatnot, nor may you use another’s IP, such as images or video, without authorization. For more on how we approach counterfeit items and intellectual property issues on Whatnot, please see our
Counterfeit Policy
and our
Intellectual Property Policy.
Comply with laws and regulations
Each seller is responsible for complying with all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations, both in their and their buyers’ jurisdictions (including tax, consumer protection, data privacy, and intellectual property laws). Whatnot is unable to provide sellers with legal advice — we encourage sellers to speak to their own legal advisor(s) if they have questions about how laws and regulations may apply to their business.
Accurately represent the condition of your items
In order for buyers to make an informed purchase, you must honestly describe the condition of your items. This includes disclosing any flaws and showing the item on all sides. In addition to corrective action, sellers may be billed back for items that are misrepresented.
Gambling, purchase-based prizes
We strictly prohibit gambling activities and purchase-based prizes. See our
Gambling, purchase-based prizes policy
to learn more.
Card breaks
In order to maintain a trustworthy buying experience, we have requirements for the sale and auction of card breaks. To understand Whatnot’s rules and requirements for these selling formats, check out our
Breaks policy
.
Surprise Product
We have requirements for how to sell Surprise Product and sets of Surprise Product. For more detail,
see our policy
.
Sell from a supported country
To ensure Whatnot follows local laws, sellers may not operate in unsupported countries . Sellers must operate out of the country they registered with in their seller application. See our list of supported countries for more information.
Off-platform grading
Because we cannot track the delivery of items sent to third-party grading services, we do not allow sellers to offer grading services on Whatnot. We allow some exceptions for pre-approved livestreams hosted at live comic book events.
Listing requirements
When listing items on Whatnot, please review and follow Whatnot’s
Listing Guidelines
.
Gated categories
Selling in certain categories requires some additional know-how to ensure everyone has a good time — sellers and buyers alike. That's why we have specific access requirements for selling in the following categories:
Luxury Bags & Accessories
Surprise Sets in Sneakers & Streetwear and Luxury Bags & Accessories
Sellers interested in selling in the above categories should review
Gating at Whatnot
to understand the category-specific requirements. Selling in a gated category without authorization will lead to corrective action.
Category best practices
Each Whatnot category has its own unique community, common practices, and requirements. For some of our most popular or specialized categories, we have the following tailored expectations for sellers:
Luxury Goods Best Practices
Coins and Money Best Practices
Plants Best Practices
Electronics Best Practices
Card Breaks Policy Compliant Set-ups
Active show
To keep Whatnot shows engaging and entertaining, we do not allow inactive shows on Whatnot. When you’re hosting a show, we require you to be actively engaged during the entirety of the show, whether displaying and selling products, answering questions in the chat, or in conversation with your co-host or users in chat. Inactive shows include the following, even if Buy It Now items or a giveaway is pinned to the stream:
Shows displaying a blank, still, or frozen screen for an extended period of time
Shows without any person present on screen for extended periods of time
Reckless and dangerous behavior
To ensure sellers remain in control of their show, and to keep Whatnot users and others safe, we do not permit reckless and dangerous activity on shows, and we will end shows if individuals become unable to manage their show. This includes activities that could seriously injure a user, put a user's life in danger, inspire others to participate in harmful physical behavior, or otherwise lose control of their show. This includes:
Life-endangering pranks or stunts, including the dangerous use of props or weapons
Incapacitation from alcohol or drug use
Operating a vehicle while streaming
A user losing control of their show
While we want our users to have fun and express themselves, this behavior can put both the show host and others at risk of harm.
Sensitive content toggle
When creating a show, all sellers must toggle on the “sensitive content” toggle if they anticipate that their show will contain repeated profanity, display items with permitted nudity (e.g., comics), or if their show will otherwise be sensitive for certain audiences. See also our
Adult and Explicit Items Policy
for more on what content or items are permitted on Whatnot.
Smoking or vaping around inventory
To ensure the quality of items sold on Whatnot, you (and your co-hosts) may not use smoke products, including cigarettes and vaporizers, while in a live show and in proximity to inventory. This includes auction items, sold items, and giveaways.
Whatnot’s High Value Loss Reimbursement Policy
In order to maintain a trustworthy marketplace where people feel secure and protected in their purchases, Whatnot will reimburse buyers at the market price of a high-value hit card if it is missing, and bill back the seller. For more information, check out Whatnot’s
High Value Loss Reimbursement Policy
.
All bids binding
All bids on Whatnot are binding. While buyers can request order cancellations in the app, sellers are entitled to decline such requests. Buyers with high rates of cancellations or refunds will receive penalties against their account and may be denied refunds in the future. Similarly, sellers are not permitted to cancel or modify orders due to purchase price or other dissatisfaction. If there's a problem with an order, please contact our support team. Buyers submitting payment disputes for reasons other than credit card theft may be subject to corrective action.
User Conduct
We have the following User Activity Policies to foster a positive and safe online experience for all our users.
Hate and harassment
Hateful conduct and harassment erode trust, disrupt communities, and discourage participation. To ensure a safe and respectful environment for everyone, we strictly prohibit hateful behavior and harassment, including sexual harassment.
Learn more
about what we consider hate and harassment.
Self-harm
To foster the safety of the entire Whatnot community, we don’t allow content that glorifies, promotes, or encourages self-harm. Self harm includes suicide, self-injury, and promoting eating disorders or other self-destructive activity. While we want our users to be comfortable expressing themselves, content glorifying, promoting, or encouraging self-harm puts both you and others at risk of harm.
Explicit content
We want our users to express themselves, while still ensuring others aren’t shocked or negatively impacted, especially considering the diversity of ages and cultural backgrounds on Whatnot. Please see our
Explicit Content Policy
which sets out Whatnot’s restrictions on both
Sexual content and nudity
and
Graphic or obscene content
.
Sharing unauthorized personal information
Sharing someone’s private details without their consent, such as their email, phone number, or home address, can be upsetting or even dangerous. That's why we don't allow the sharing of another user's personal info without their approval. For example, we don’t allow the following:
Sharing a buyer’s address without their permission while hosting a show
Sharing a buyer’s email address in chat without their permission
Illegal, harmful, and violent activity
Illegal, harmful, and violent content and activities are not allowed on Whatnot, and, as needed, we report violating activities to law enforcement organizations. We do not allow the following:
Adult sexual violence and exploitation
Violence or credible threats of violence
Promotion of terrorist organizations
Youth Safety Policy
Whatnot has zero tolerance for any activity or interactions that endanger the safety and wellbeing of minors. This includes the following:
Child sexual exploitation, abuse, or grooming behaviors
Minors engaging in sexually suggestive discussion or behaviors (including nudity), or other risky, dangerous or illegal behaviors
Any activity, comment, item or display sexualizing minors, or otherwise encouraging the physical abuse of a minor, whether real or fictional
Whatnot reports all illegal content or activity to the
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
(NCMEC), which works with international law enforcement agencies.
Fraudulent activity and scams
To protect our community, we do not allow users who engage in deceptive account practices. This includes the following:
Fraudulent activity and scams, including filing fraudulent payment disputes
Using stolen payment information
Phishing behavior
Bot activity; including bot bidding, or bot spam
Impersonating others or deliberately misrepresenting your identity
Off-platform activity
If we are provided with verifiable evidence of off-platform coordination of abuse to occur on Whatnot, we may take action.
Additionally, in rare instances, we may take action against individuals because of behavior off of Whatnot if the behavior poses a significant threat to the health of the Whatnot community or individuals. When evaluating these cases, we take into account the severity and timeframe of this behavior, and the likelihood of that behavior occurring on Whatnot.
Events and in-person conduct policy
At Whatnot events and all in-person interactions, our goal is to create a safe and positive environment for everyone. This means treating all participants, Whatnot employees, and the general public with consideration and respect. Harassment, threats, violence, illegal activity, hate, or disruptive behavior of any kind are strictly prohibited and may lead to account action.
To ensure everyone's comfort and safety, Whatnot employees will not engage in-person about enforcement actions on your or anyone’s behalf. Attempts to do so, whether at a public event, our offices, or any other location will result in consequences, including immediate removal from the premises and an impact on your Whatnot account standing.
Enforcement evasion
To maintain the integrity of our platform, we do not allow users who have been banned or suspended to use Whatnot with a different account, or otherwise circumvent our enforcement actions. If you think we made a mistake, please email us at trustandsafety@whatnot.com to appeal.
There are times when we may allow individuals to have their account reinstated. In evaluating cases, we look at many different factors, including severity of the user's past actions and how much time has passed since the violation.
Misinformation
Misinformation can negatively impact online communities. If content is found to be detrimental to our community on Whatnot, we reserve the right to remove it. This may include widely debunked content, such as misinformation promoting violent conspiracies, health-related misinformation, and hate-driven misinformation.
Sale of Whatnot accounts and features
Accounts should be used only by the account owner. You may not sell or transfer your account to another user, nor may you sell or buy Whatnot features such as raids and follows, nor advertise the sale of Whatnot features.
Fee avoidance
In order to honor the protections we offer on Whatnot, transactions must be conducted through Whatnot. Any method of circumventing Whatnot’s platform fees is strictly prohibited. Sellers must exclusively process payments for items sold on Whatnot through the Whatnot platform, and under no circumstances accept or solicit off-platform transactions. Users may not redirect buyers to purchases on another platform and may not use Whatnot to promote live shows on other platforms. Additionally, sellers may not circumvent fees by miscategorizing streams or products.
Teens and people under 13
You must be over the age of 18 to have an account on Whatnot.
Teens between the ages of 13 to 17 may use Whatnot if they follow the requirements that they operate only on an account owned by a parent or legal guardian aged 18 years or older, and only with a parent or guardian’s permission and supervision.
Learn more about Whatnot’s requirements for teens
.
Individuals under 13 cannot use Whatnot. This policy applies even if a parent is present. Individuals under 13 may assist in the selling process, for example, handing an item to a parent to run in an auction, but cannot operate the app or be the focal point of a stream.
Unsolicited messages
Sending repeated messages to other users can come across as spam and degrades the overall experience on Whatnot. Because of this, we don't allow users to repeatedly send the same unsolicited message to others. This includes, but isn't limited to:
Sharing a link to your upcoming show with all of your Whatnot connections through direct message
Repeatedly sending promotional material to the same user
Usernames and profile content
Your username and all profile content must comply with Whatnot’s policies. We won’t allow usernames or profile content containing content that is explicit, harassing, violent, hateful, impersonating, or that otherwise promotes illegal activity or violates our policies.
Account
responsibility
All actions and activities that occur on your account are your responsibility and will reflect on your account record. This includes conduct by guests, content featured or rebroadcast, and employees' streaming and fulfillment. In addition to taking action on the hosting account, we may take additional action on the accounts of guests, employees, and others involved in violating behavior.
Feature abuse policies
Whatnot also has specific policies applicable to the use of Whatnot features.
Troll bidding
To ensure sellers can trust all bids are authentic, Whatnot prohibits troll bids. Troll bids are excessively high or otherwise fake bids placed by buyers to disrupt the seller’s process. Violations of our troll bidding policy include a buyer placing an unrealistically high bid to deter other potential buyers, or a fake bid with no intention of purchasing.
Shill bidding
To ensure buyers can trust all bids are authentic, Whatnot prohibits shill bids. Shill bids are bids placed by a seller, or a user related to a seller in order to artificially inflate the item price, whether from the same or separate accounts. This can be done by seller’s employees, members of a seller’s family or household, as well as friends or online connections. Shill bidding may also violate laws in your jurisdiction. Whatnot monitors all bids and transactions and takes action on accounts suspected of shill bidding.
Giveaway abuse
When running giveaways on Whatnot, sellers must use Whatnot’s Giveaway Feature, and follow all policies as set out in the
Giveaways Overview
. We strictly prohibit any form of automated or programmatic giveaway entry. All entries made by these methods will be voided, and your account access may be limited if found utilizing these methods.
Tipping abuse
When using the tipping feature, users must follow all rules set out in the
Tips Terms and Conditions
, including not using tips to circumvent otherwise applicable fees on Whatnot (which we need to run the app), or tips for content or services that are sexually explicit, or that otherwise violate Whatnot’s policies.
Referral abuse
When participating in the referral program, users must not create multiple accounts to receive additional referral credits. If you are found in violation of this rule, you may be subject to a permanent ban from Whatnot. For more information, see Whatnot’s
Seller Referral Program
.
Abusing Whatnot products and features
In order to protect the integrity of our platform, we prohibit any abuse or manipulation of products or features on Whatnot. This includes abuse of our support processes, shipping pricing, paying for reviews, excessively rescheduling shows, deceptive manipulation of discovery or ranking (such as intentionally mistagging content, or excessively rescheduling shows), as well as abuse of specific features.