While we encourage Whatnot sellers to offer a diversity of items on the platform, there are some items that Whatnot does not support at this time, or that require additional restrictions to sell on Whatnot.
Our decision to prohibit or restrict certain items is based on varied reasons – some items pose legal or safety risk to the Whatnot community, some items negatively impact other users’ experience, and some items aren’t well-suited for the Whatnot platform at this time.
As always, sellers must ensure that any item they are offering for sale (or giving away) is permitted by, and complies with, all applicable laws in their jurisdiction, and in the jurisdictions of their buyers. In addition, sellers must ensure they comply with applicable shipping terms and requirements in their jurisdiction, for example, sellers in the United States using USPS must comply with all
USPS shipping requirements
.
Adult & explicit items
Whatnot has specific rules around the display and sale of adult items. We do not permit the sale of sex toys or sexually explicit items. Please see Whatnot’s
Adult & explicit items
policy for more information on what can be sold, displayed and when to use the Explicit Content toggle.
Alcohol
Alcohol products are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot, this includes spirits, wine, and beer.
Air guns, pellet guns, BB guns, airsoft pistols, airsoft rifles, and toy guns
Air guns, pellet guns, BB guns, airsoft pistols, airsoft rifles, and toy guns may be sold on Whatnot only within the US, provided the seller complies with this policy.
US only:
air guns, pellet guns, BB guns, airsoft guns may only be sold within the United States in the Knives & Hunting category.
Orange tip
: Airsoft guns must have a blaze orange tip (¼ inch or longer), permanently attached and covering the muzzle of the gun.
Size:
caliber is 0.25 or smaller.
Comply with all laws
: Sellers must follow all applicable laws in their jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of their buyer related to the sale of these items.
Knives and Hunting Category
: Sellers must list all air guns, pellet guns, BB guns, airsoft pistols, or airsoft rifles in the Knives and Hunting Category.
Toy guns are permitted on the platform provided they are clearly marked as a toy, and are not meant to imitate a real firearm. Under Whatnot’s hazardous materials policy, we do not permit the sale of caps for toy guns.
Animal related policy
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of animals and animal products. See Whatnot’s animal product policy
here
for details.
Bombs, explosives, and fireworks
Bombs and explosives are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes bombs, bomb-making kits, explosives, explosive precursors, fireworks, sparklers, instructions to make bombs or explosives, and similar items that may be designed to harm people or for the mass destruction of property.
Cannabis, CBD, and hemp items
Given the varying legality of cannabis products in different jurisdictions, Whatnot does not currently permit sellers to offer for sale, or give away, any cannabis seeds, or any marijuana, or cannabidiol (CBD) products containing delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). Whatnot permits the sale of hemp products.
Cosmetics
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of cosmetics and related products. Please see Whatnot’s
Cosmetics Policy
for more details.
Counterfeit items, IP-infringing items, and other restricted items
Counterfeit items and restricted branded items
: Counterfeit items are illegal and Whatnot does not permit them to be offered for sale or given away. To support buyer confidence and maintain community trust, additional restrictions apply to the sale of certain branded items. Please see our
Counterfeit Policy and Restricted Branded Items Policy
for more details.
IP infringing items
: Whatnot does not permit items that do not comply with our
IP Policy
to be offered for sale or given away. If you are a brand or rights owner concerned about copyright or trademark infringement or counterfeit items, please review our
IP Policy
page.
Credit cards and debit cards
As a measure to prevent fraud, credit cards (including prepaid credit cards), and debit cards are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. Cash is not permitted to be offered for sale or given away unless it is collectible currency in the Coins and Money category. In limited circumstances, we may approve currency giveaways by sellers where Whatnot has an active partnership and we can ensure appropriate safeguards and oversight are in place.
Embargoed items
Items originating from certain countries or regions are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes items that directly or indirectly originate from Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea, Donetsk People’s Republic, or Luhansk People’s Republic regions of Ukraine.
Expired items
Expired items are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot in most cases (this includes items with a “best before” date or equivalent). In limited circumstances, we may permit the sale of an expired item where the item is disclosed as expired, and the item is being sold as a collectible item, not for consumption or use.
Falsified documents or other items promoting illegal & deceptive activity
Falsified documents, or other items promoting illegal or deceptive activity, are not permitted to be sold or given away on Whatnot. This includes the following:
falsified identification, qualifications or government documents
falsified test results
items designed to fake the results of drug tests (e.g., synthetic urine)
ballots or votes
malware or other products or services to harm, hack, or disrupt the infrastructure of another’s software, services or infrastructure
instructions to carry out illegal activity
Firearms, firearm parts, and accessories
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of firearms, firearm parts, ammunition and accessories. Please see Whatnot’s
Firearm and Firearm Part Policy
for more details.
Food & drink policy
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of food and drink items. Please see Whatnot’s
Food & Drink Policy
for more details.
Gambling products
Gambling-related items are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes lottery tickets, raffle tickets, and functioning slot machines.
Hateful and derogatory items
Whatnot does not permit any items that promote violence or hate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, caste, national origin, immigration status, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, serious medical condition, or veteran status. This includes:
items displaying violent, demeaning, or intolerant images or commentary against protected characteristics, including hateful slurs, and harmful stereotypes or theories.
items in support of known hate organizations, or their leaders.
historical or replica Nazi items or propaganda (including any Nazi memorabilia, coins, bills, postcards, posters, uniforms, etc).
historical or replica slavery items, including bills of sale and shackles.
Black Americana items containing grotesque or derogatory depictions from the Jim Crow era, including gollywog dolls, or individuals in blackface.
items depicting the Confederate battle flag, except where it is being displayed in a non-hateful artistic or historically accurate context, for example: historically accurate miniatures/models, artistic depictions denouncing the flag and/or slavery, Civil War-themed (or related) art on the cover of books or video-games.
items that mock, celebrate, glorify or deny hateful crimes and violence.
When determining whether an item violates this policy, we consider relevant context. For example, we would allow a pre-1933 swastika with no hateful context.
Harassing items
Items that harass specific individuals are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot.
Hazardous materials and flammable substances
Whatnot generally prohibits the sale of hazardous, flammable, and other unsafe substances and materials, including:
radioactive materials
ozone-depleting substances
fuel of any kind (including gasoline, propane, kerosene, butane, or lamp oil)
combustibles (including caps for toy guns, red phosphorus, flash paper)
explosives, explosive precursors (including explosive fuses, exploding targets, flares)
airbags
carcinogens
toxigenic substances
metallic mercury
paint thinners and removers
strike anywhere matches and flamethrowers
items containing the above materials
Please see Whatnot’s
Hazardous Materials and Flammable Substances Policy
for more details.
Human parts and remains
Human remains or any body part or fluid produced by the human body (excluding human hair from scalp) are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes cremated remains and ancient skulls or bones.
Illegal and harmful content or activity
Illegal content or activity is not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away on Whatnot. This includes:
items that display or depict child sex abuse or that present children in a sexual manner, whether real or fictionalized
items displaying graphic or obscene content, including items displaying or claiming to contain graphic violence or gore, or other obscene content.
Illegal drugs & related products
Illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes narcotics, steroids, controlled substances, analogue drugs, items claiming to provide a "legal high", pill presses, encapsulating machines, counterfeit dies, or information or tutorials on how to make illegal drugs.
Knives policy
Given the laws around knives vary in different jurisdictions, Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of knives and related products. Please see Whatnot’s
Knives Policy
for more details.
Medicine, medical devices, and health-related items
Medicine and medical devices are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes prescription drugs, prescription medical devices, prescription veterinary medicine, injectable substances, and over-the-counter medicines. For the sale of supplements and vitamins, please see Whatnot’s
Supplements Policy
.
Personal information
Others’ personal information is not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes: phone numbers, email lists, addresses, credit card numbers, confidential national ID numbers, or account passwords
Plants
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of plants and related products. Please see Whatnot’s
Plant Policy
and
Plants Best Practices
, and
Plant Shipping Guide
for more details.
Recalled products
Recalled products are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot.
Stocks, securities and financial instruments
Stocks, bonds, virtual currency, and items redeemable for financial assets, security interests, and related financial instruments are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. Gift cards are permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot.
Stolen items
Stolen items are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot.
Supplements
Whatnot has specific rules around the sale of dietary supplements. Please see Whatnot’s
Supplements Policy
for more details.
Tobacco and e-cigarettes
Tobacco, nicotine, and related products are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes cigarettes, cigars, tobacco, herbal cigarettes, electronic nicotine delivery systems (ENDS) including e-cigarettes, e-liquids and e-cigarette parts and accessories.
The following items are permitted to be sold on Whatnot, provided they are described and listed precisely:
Collectible vintage cigarette or related packages (provided they are empty).
Tobacco pipes, and other smoking accessories not intended for drug use, are allowed.
Unknown items
Items that are unknown to the seller (including unclaimed and unopened packages) are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot.
Violent items
Items that glorify or promote violence or self-harm are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes
Items that glorify or celebrate real world incidents of violence or natural disasters, including items celebrating violent criminals and their acts
Items that threaten credible acts of violence against humans or animals
Items promoting violent conspiracy theories
Items promoting or supporting terrorism or terrorist organizations
Instructional materials on how to engage in violent activities
Items promoting suicide, self-injury, starvation or other self-harm
Weapons & self-defense
Weapons intended to cause harm are not permitted to be offered for sale, or given away, on Whatnot. This includes: stun guns or tasers, mace or pepper spray, plans or blueprints to make harmful weapons, ninja stars, brass knuckles, leaded canes, nightsticks, tear gas, nunchakus, sansetsukons, potato guns, blow darts, dart guns, flare guns, and other items being sold with clear intent to be used as a weapon.
The following items are permitted: handcuffs, slingshots, crossbows, archery broadheads, arrows, training or practice weapons (when made with plastic, foam, or otherwise cannot cause serious physical harm).
As always, sellers must ensure that all items they sell are legal in their jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of their buyers.
Please also see Whatnot’s Knives policy,
Firearm, firearm parts, and ammunition policy
, and
Air guns, pellet guns, BB guns, airsoft pistols, airsoft rifles, and toy guns policy.