The Community Standards outline what is and isn't allowed on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads.
Introduction
Every day, people use Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads to share their experiences, connect with friends and family, and build communities. Our services enable billions of people to freely express themselves across countries and cultures and in dozens of languages.
Meta recognizes how important it is for Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads to be places where people feel empowered to communicate, and we take our role seriously in keeping abuse off the service. That’s why we developed standards for what is and isn’t allowed on these services.
These standards are based on feedback from people and the advice of experts in fields like technology, public safety and human rights. To ensure everyone’s voice is valued, we take great care to create standards that include different views and beliefs, especially from people and communities that might otherwise be overlooked or marginalized.
Please note that the US English version of the Community Standards reflects the most up to date set of the policies and should be used as the primary document.
Our commitment to voice
The goal of our Community Standards is to create a place for expression and give people a voice. Meta wants people to be able to talk openly about the issues that matter to them, whether through written comments, photos, music, or other artistic mediums, even if some may disagree or find them objectionable. In some cases, we allow content—which would otherwise go against our standards—if it’s
newsworthy
and in the public interest. We do this only after weighing the public interest value against the risk of harm, and we look to international human rights standards to make these judgments. In other cases, we may remove content that uses ambiguous or implicit language when additional context allows us to reasonably understand that the content goes against our standards.
Our commitment to expression is paramount, but we recognize the internet creates new and increased opportunities for abuse. For these reasons, when we limit expression, we do it in service of one or more of the following values:
AUTHENTICITY
We want to make sure the content people see is authentic. We believe that authenticity creates a better environment for sharing, and that’s why we don’t want people using our services to misrepresent who they are or what they’re doing.
SAFETY
We’re committed to making Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads safe places. We remove content that could contribute to a risk of harm to the physical security of persons. Content that threatens people has the potential to intimidate, exclude or silence others and isn’t allowed on our services.
PRIVACY
We’re committed to protecting personal privacy and information. Privacy gives people the freedom to be themselves, choose how and when to share on our services and connect more easily.
DIGNITY
We believe that all people are equal in dignity and rights. We expect that people will respect the dignity of others and not harass or degrade others.
Community Standards
Our Community Standards apply to everyone, all around the world, and to all types of content, including AI-generated content.
Each section of our Community Standards starts with a “Policy Rationale” that sets out the aims of the policy followed by specific policy lines that outline:
Content that's not allowed; and
Content that requires additional information or context to enforce on, content that is allowed with a warning screen or content that is allowed but can only be viewed by adults aged 18 and older.
Coordinating Harm and Promoting Crime
Dangerous Organizations and Individuals
Fraud, Scams, and Deceptive Practices
Restricted Goods and Services
Violence and Incitement
Adult Sexual Exploitation
Bullying and Harassment
Child Sexual Exploitation, Abuse, and Nudity
Human Exploitation
Suicide, Self-Injury, and Eating Disorders
Adult Nudity and Sexual Activity
Adult Sexual Solicitation and Sexually Explicit Language
Hateful Conduct
Privacy Violations
Violent and Graphic Content
Account Integrity
Authentic Identity Representation
Cybersecurity
Inauthentic Behavior
Memorialization
Misinformation
Spam
Third-Party Intellectual Property Infringement
Using Meta Intellectual Property and Licenses
Additional Protection of Minors
Locally Illegal Content, Products, or Services
User Requests
NEXT
Other policies
Transparency Center
POLICIES
Community Standards
Meta Advertising Standards
Other policies
How Meta improves
Age-Appropriate Content
ENFORCEMENT
Detecting violations
Taking action
SECURITY
Threat disruptions
Security threats
Threat reporting
FEATURES
Our Approach To Dangerous Organizations and Individuals
Our approach to elections
Our approach to misinformation
Our approach to newsworthy content
Our approach to Facebook Feed ranking
Our approach to explaining ranking
Accessibility at Meta
GOVERNANCE
Governance innovation
Oversight Board overview
How to appeal to the Oversight Board
Oversight Board cases
Oversight Board recommendations
Creating the Oversight Board
Oversight Board: Further asked questions
Meta’s Bi-Annual Updates on the Oversight Board
Tracking the Oversight Board’s Impact
REPORTS
Community Standards Enforcement Report
Intellectual Property
Government Requests for User Data
Content Restrictions Based on Local Law
Internet Disruptions
Widely Viewed Content Report
Regulatory and Other Transparency Reports
RESEARCH TOOLS
Content Library and Content Library API
Ad Library Tools
Other research tools and datasets
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookies
Transparency Center
Policies
Community Standards, other policies and how we’re improving.
Enforcement
AI detection, human review, the Oversight Board, and how we prioritize.
Security
Taking down coordinated adversarial networks to counter global threats and improve our defenses.
Features
Governance
Meta’s Oversight Board and other governance innovations.
Research tools
Research tools and datasets
Reports
Reports on enforcement effectiveness, how we use your data, and more.